This is a sample requirements document
1.0 iPhone Requirements
1.1 iPhone Battery
1.1.1 This section will cover the iPhone’s battery capability. The iPhone’s battery life shall be 12 hours. Additionally, the iPhone’s battery shall be capable of wireless charging.

3. GENERAL SYSTEM OPERATION
3.1. Principle of Operation
AIMS is a cooperative challenge and reply system which includes triggered and squittered reports. Challenges are generated by an interrogator system that transmits interrogations centered at 1030 MHz to solicit responses from a target. Replies and reports centered at 1090 MHz are generated by a cooperating transponder system installed on the target. Replies and/or reports are received by the interrogator system and assessed to determine the status of the target. Squittered reports are sent periodically by the transponder system without being triggered by an interrogation. All reports can be processed by any compatible system that receives them.

3.2. Purpose
The purpose of the AIMS is to be a primary contributor to the rapid Identification (ID), tracking, and control of cooperative platforms. The system may be used to provide the operator with any of several methods of ID, such as altitude or specific aircraft identity. Secure ID of cooperative, friendly military targets is achieved by cryptographic means.

3.3. Modes of Operation
Mark XII consists of Modes 1, 2, 3/A, C, and 4. Mark XIIA consists of Modes 1, 2, 3/A, C, 4, and 5. Mark XIIB consists of Modes 1, 2, 3/A, C, S, and 5. Modes 1, 2, 3/A, and C are known as the Selective Identification Feature (SIF) modes. Mode5 is the cryptographically secure mode used solely by the military, which replaced Mode 4. The military Mode 3 and the civil Mode A are nearly identical and are hereafter referred to as Mode 3/A. Mode C is a civil mode used for altitude reporting. Modes 3/A and C are known as ATCRBS. Mode S, which includes ADS-B, is a civil mode providing further compatibility with ATC.

3.3.1. Mode 5
Mode 5 has two levels of operation: Level 1 is based on synchronous challenge and reply while Level 2 uses asynchronous reports that can be transmitted autonomously (squittered) by transponders and/or broadcast at a higher rate for a limited time in response to a challenge.

3.3.2. Mode S
Unless otherwise specified in this document, Mode S interrogator and transponder performance, including ATCRBS-Only All-Call and ATCRBS/Mode S All-Call, shall meet the applicable functional requirements of ICAO Annex 10 Volume IV, ICAO 9871, and RTCA/DO-181 ( ) as amended by Technical Standard Order (TSO)-C112 ( ).

3.3.2.1. Minimum Mode S Level of Operation
The minimum Mode S capability for airborne transponders shall be equivalent to Level 2 as defined in DO-181 ( ). Airborne transponders shall at a minimum support Elementary Surveillance (ELS) operation per DO-181 ( ) and Mode S Extended Squitter (1090ES) ADS-B OUT per DO- 260 ( ) using Downlink Format (DF)=17. Airborne transponders intended for fixed wing transport, cargo, and refueling platforms shall support Enhanced Surveillance (EHS) operation per DO-181( ).

3.3.2.2. Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System Capability
When appropriate to operational requirements, transponders may also be provided with the capability of supporting an on-board Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System (TCAS) system. Transponders used in conjunction with TCAS shall meet the applicable requirements in DO-185 ( ) and DO-181 ( ).